FTX uses now the right function to deserialize assets (#2776)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`2775` FTX assets will now be correctly read if they are in the known asset's list.

Reviewer: nitpick: Perhaps change in another PR though.

User don't know and don't care what a known assets list is.

```suggestion
* :bug:`2775` Ambiguous FTX assets will now be properly recognized by rotki.
```
